Update README.md (#177)
neptune-ml/neptune-notebooks: README.md

* Browse checkpoints history across all notebooks in the project
* Compare Notebooks side-by-side, with diffs for source, markdown, output, and execution count cells
* Share Notebook checkpoints or diffs with persistent links
* Download Notebook checkpoints directly from Neptune or Jupyter 

![Jupyter Notebook rendered in Neptune](https://docs.neptune.ai/img/app/notebook_view.png)

## Resources

* [Documentation](https://docs.neptune.ai/tools/jupyter/overview/)
* [Example notebook in Neptune](https://app.neptune.ai/neptune-ai/credit-default-prediction/n/exploring-application-table-ac75c237-1630-4109-b532-dd125badec0e/ca1df3be-b2e4-4b26-99d6-b7e98a3d4273)

## Setup

Install the extension:

```sh
pip install neptune-notebooks
```

Enable the extension for Jupyter:

```sh
jupyter nbextension enable --py neptune-notebooks
```

In your Jupyter Notebook environment, some Neptune items appear in your toolbar.

1. To connect with Neptune, click the Neptune **Configure** button.
2. Enter your [Neptune credentials](https://docs.neptune.ai/setup/setting_credentials/#finding-your-credentials).
3. To register the notebook in Neptune, click **Upload**.

> 4. To log metadata from the notebook automatically, in the top navigation menu, click **Activate**.

Reviewer: Activating doesn't automatically log metadata, it just links the runs created in the notebook to the notebook
![image](https://github.com/neptune-ai/neptune-notebooks/assets/41324509/b8112ed9-ce6a-409a-b276-267498204ebf)

```suggestion
4. To link runs to the notebook automatically, in the top navigation menu, click **Activate**.
```

Author: Ahh, but... Wait a minute. What does that _do_, exactly? We used to have this "Used by X runs" for notebooks, right? Is it about that, or something else?

Reviewer: ah yes, we removed the "Used by X runs" feature.

I don't think "activating" does anything then. Uploading the initial checkpoint to Neptune takes care of logging the notebook in `source_code/notebook`.

Lemme confirm though

## Setup

Install the extension:

```sh
pip install neptune-notebooks
```

Enable the extension for Jupyter:

```sh
jupyter nbextension enable --py neptune-notebooks
```

In your Jupyter Notebook environment, some Neptune items appear in your toolbar.

1. To connect with Neptune, click the Neptune **Configure** button.
2. Enter your [Neptune credentials](https://docs.neptune.ai/setup/setting_credentials/#finding-your-credentials).
3. To register the notebook in Neptune, click **Upload**.

This uploads a first checkpoint of the notebook. Every time you start a Neptune run in the notebook, a checkpoint is uploaded automatically.

For detailed instructions, see the [Neptune documentation](https://docs.neptune.ai/tools/jupyter/installing_extension/).

## Usage

In a notebook cell, import neptune and start a run:

```python
import neptune

run = neptune.init_run()
```

Log model-building metadata that you care about:

```python
run["f1_score"] = 0.66
```

When you're done with the logging, stop the run:

```python
run.stop()
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's mention where they can find the uploaded notebook - in the "Source Code" namespace, and in the "Notebooks" tab in project.
